documentation structure overhaul (#1602)
WordPress/wordpress-playground: packages/docs/site/docs/main/intro.md

-   [**Blueprints**](/wordpress-playground/blueprints) – Blueprints are JSON files for setting up your WordPress Playground instance. Learn about their possibilities from the Blueprints docs hub.
-   [**Developers**](/wordpress-playground/developers) – WordPress Playground was created as a programmable tool. Discover all the things you can do with it from your code in the Developers docs hub.
-   [**API Reference**](/wordpress-playground/api) – All the APIs exposed by WordPress Playground

## Navigating this documentation hub

This docs hub is focused on starting with WordPress Playground and is divided into the following major sections.

-   **[Quick Start Guide](./quick-start-guide.md)**: For those just starting out with WordPress Playground, this is where you can get up and running with WordPress Playground quickly to [start a new WordPress site](/wordpress-playground/quick-start-guide#start-a-new-wordpress-site) and [try a block/theme/plugin](/wordpress-playground/quick-start-guide#try-a-block-a-theme-or-a-plugin) or [test a specific WordPress/PHP version](/wordpress-playground/quick-start-guide#use-a-specific-wordpress-or-php-version).

> -   **[Playground web instance](./web-instance)**: Learn morea bout the Playground instance you get at https://playground.wordpress.net/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **[Playground web instance](./web-instance)**: Learn more about the Playground instance you get at https://playground.wordpress.net/
```
